Add Swerve API documentation (#93)
CrossTheRoadElec/PhoenixPro-Documentation: source/docs/api-reference/api-usage/swerve/swerve-overview.rst

Swerve Overview
===============

New in 2024 is a high performance swerve framework. This framework simplifies the boilerplate necessary for swerve and maximizes performance.

.. important:: This section focuses on utilizing the Swerve API and configuring it correctly. Tuner X supports a swerve project creator that greatly simplifies this process and removes common error cases.

- Small API surface, easily debuggable

  * Build robot characteristics using ``SwerveModuleConstants`` (Java) and ``SwerveDrivetrainConstants``.

>   * Integrates cleanly into WPILib `commandbased <https://docs.wpilib.org/en/stable/docs/software/commandbased/index.html>`__ framework via ``CommandSwerveDrivetrain`` (Java).

Reviewer: Note that `CommandSwerveDrivetrain` only exists in the example project, it's not part of the native API. We can't depend on the NewCommands vendordep in our API.

  * Telemetrize directly in the odometry loop using the ``registerTelemetry()`` (Java) lambda.
  * Supports handling the swerve state via ``SwerveRequest`` (Java).

    * Supports robot-centric, field-centric and field-centric facing angle.

>     * Supports common scenarios such as X module (point all modules toward the center of the robot).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Supports common scenarios such as X mode (point all modules toward the center of the robot).
```

- Simulation

  * Swerve simulation focuses on usability, and as such isn't perfectly accurate to a real robot.

>   * Simply call ``updateSimState`` (Java) in ``simulationPeriodic()`` (`Java <https://github.wpilib.org/allwpilib/docs/release/java/edu/wpi/first/wpilibj/IterativeRobotBase.html#simulationPeriodic()>`__).

Reviewer: Maybe make a note that this is done already if you're using the example `CommandSwerveDrivetrain` class

- Performance

  * Odometry is updated synchronous with the motor controllers.
  * Odometry is received as fast as possible via a separate thread.

>   * Combine with `PRO <https://store.ctr-electronics.com/phoenix-pro/>`__ (optional) and `CANFD <https://store.ctr-electronics.com/canivore/>`__ to utilize :ref:`timesync <docs/api-reference/api-usage/status-signals:canivore timesync>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Combine with `Phoenix Pro <https://store.ctr-electronics.com/phoenix-pro/>`__ (optional) and a `CANivore<https://store.ctr-electronics.com/canivore/>`__ (optional) with :ref:`timesync <docs/api-reference/api-usage/status-signals:canivore timesync>` for even more performance.
```
Both are optional, both give fairly significant improvements.
